[BLANK_AUDIO]
One of the nice things about using R
Markdown knitr and R Studio
together is is a little service that R
Studio provides called R Pubs.
So I thought I'd bring that up, just to
show you kind of how it works, here.
So we go to rpubs.com.
You can see that this website is brought
to you by R
studio, and you need to you need to create
an account on here.
So the basic idea is that once you've
created
an account you can publish, mark down, or
knitr documents
to the website that can be used to share
with
people, share with other people and share
with the public.
So the first thing you need to do is
register for an account, so
you can just enter your name, and your
email, and your username and a password.
Once you've got your account, then you can
start publishing things to RPubs.
So, I'm going to sign in here.
I've already got an account, and so, and
then you can go to my, I can
go to my account page, look at my
profile and see, I haven't really
published anything.
And so why don't we, try to publish
something here.
So let me put this away.
I'll start up R studio.
And as R studio starts up here you can see
I've
already got a markdown document here on
the left, as part of
a demo and so maybe the first thing I'll
do is I'll
just I'll knit it and I'll see what the
HTML looks like.
And you can see here it says, basically
I'm loading the air quality data set here.
I'm making a paris plot of the variables
in the air quality data set.
And then if you go down a little bit, I'm
fitting
a linear model of ozone and on wind, solar
radiation, and temperature.
And then I have the results of the linear
model here.
So nothing too special but I want to be
able to share this with the world.
So you'll notice at the top of the preview
window here I I can, there's a publish
button.
So I can hit, I mean just click on
the publish button you'll, you'll get a
little notice
about R pubs and you can just can click on
publish.
And if your already signed into your
account at our
Pubs it will put it, it'll bring it right
there.
If you're not here I'll bring you up
Safari so, and so, you can give it a
little title give it a little description
here So, some analysis
of the air quality data set in R.
And you can give it a little identifier
here if you want to or you
can just let it, you can just not do
anything, just hit, just click continue.
You can see up here at the top that it
gave it a little
identifier here 11879, so this is the kind
of permit URL for this analysis.
And you can see it looks just like the
HTML output that was shown in R studio in
the preview window, but now it's on a
website And you can share
this with people.
People can comment on it.
There's a comment button here.
You can click on the share button, here.
You can send it to, various social
networks or email it to someone.
So it's a really useful service.
It's totally free.
The one thing that is important to
remember is that everything that you put
on
here is public, immediately, so there's no
there's no time period in which it's
private.
And so you need to be careful just to make
sure
that you don't publish anything that you
didn't mean to publish.
Of course, if you,
if you did publish something by accident,
you
could always delete it down here at the
bottom.
so, that's RPubs.
It's a really useful service for
publishing and sharing kind of
statistical analyses that are written in R
Markdown and using Knitr.
And I think it's worth a try.